
lexDef (Centromere) "John" {lexAllele(s)::: Noen} < The phrase “a John” uses the indefinite article “a,” which linguistically marks the noun as general and non-specific. Here/hear/dear “John” is slang for a client of a sex worker, suggesting anyone in that role rather than a specific individual. This indefinite usage aligns with society’s tendency to gen{era}li{se} the identities of people in the sex industry. Sex work is a valid form of work, but very often people at the intersection of marginalised groups, such as trans women, are forced into sex work, as so tragically often our sexual currency is the only thing people seem to think is of value.  And. To make it clear, to all my Johns, but especially the ones who raped me. Sex workers are indefinitely worthy of love. Respect, and dignity in a definitely, transphobic, society. There is no shame in buying sex. But there is *infinitely* *deserved* shame in believing this buys you their bodily autonomy. “The John”: When “The” is used in “The John,” it shifts the noun to a definite, specific instance. Here, “the john” refers directly to a specific, known object —the toilet. As in: "All rapists can go fucking drown in the John". "Dear John": Women who sent "Dear John" letters, i.e. notifying absent Men that their relationship was over, were sometimes called traitors, and could face execution. This connects the letter, as in, both a falling leaf of paper, of writing, sent with the sentiment of {Love|Leav}ing; to the Witch. Threading the tapestry of Women, dancing-- towards death (either unwittingly in gentleness, or knowingly. In sturdy defiance) as a result of forging their *own* liberation.[^JohnNoen]

[^JohnNoen]: Hildr Charon Wiltergarten, Seconds Before Their Failed Attempt To Burn Her.  
