---
permalink: Æ. HIVEHOUSE {OPENING}.
---
The Endive Lab were on another of their 'socials'. The Doc himself absolutely *detested* them; not that he'd ever let his team know, at least, he tried not to. He was the one who even began the initiative, being a fundamentally empathetic, though exceptionally introverted being; not so much needing social interaction himself, but deeply understanding the needs of his fellow academics. 
As such, upon every Scientist's induction, the first thing he'd request is to be referred to under his first name, Myo. His endless string of honourifics were not just too numerous to keep track of, but he was paradoxically repulsed by the Clergy of Intellect which provided his livelihood. So often is the fate of the Scientist, simply wanting to buzz about the safety of their experiments, like a worker Bee serving the Queen of Knowledge and Special Interest. 
Being a creature of incessant Balance, the lead Gnoegenomicist in the burgeoning Field of Non-Ironic Byronif|ormatics (which he had all but spearheaded the development of, leading to his placement as Laboratory Pontiff), he was obsessed with complementarity. And as in the Sense and antiSense strands of DNA, he found himself referring to his so-called 'underlings' by *their* surnames, which perhaps provided the necessary lubricant of boundaries of respect within the teams cogs and axels. These surname declarations were not merely a sign of reverence for his colleagues' talent, but also, contrastingly, held echoes of a Victorian teacher from anteAntiquity, taking his class's Register.
He didn't want to (and would never) admit that he had a favourite lab tech, but he absolutely did. Hamsa. They shared a neuroBeacon, that of *PhotoSentia* (a visual hypersensitivity which afforded the gift of prismatic vision, but made it difficult to work in any conditions other than dimmed Light). This base-pairing of sensory experience from their respective Diviagnoses enabled them to work their long hours in the same section of the Laboratory, which was, as all were, an intersecting Labyrinth of ever-so-slighty, but crucially and noticeably, differing sensory environments. Not only this, being a fellow Over8 (she'd scored 8.76, almost approaching Myo's 8.88, which still placed him as the World Record holder) Hamsa had evidenced an exceptionally promising future in the Field. Myo's quantum foresight, which he kept hidden, more for the fear of further, unbearable fame than the fear of ostracism, had shown him multiple Flash Forward Frames displaying Hamsa's placement as a Sage. The highest position able to be held by an Educator. Myo's (exclusively transamorous) heterosexuality, which he kept hidden, more for the fear of ostracism than the fear of being painted as a predator, played no part whatsoever in his connection to the shimmeringly femme Hamsa. 

The Grand Hall, where the Field Recordings were held each year to Examine the Nine year old Students, was also reserved for Sacred Matches. Just as the Examinations were performed in a rotational modality, so too did the Schedule of Sacred Matches rotate throughout the Week, with Sunnandæg reserved for communal Tarot readings. This schedule, it being out of Examination Season, was posted to the back wall:

| Dæg       | Matches  |
| --------- | -------- |
| Monandæg  | Chess    |
| Tiwesdæg  | Reversi  |
| Wodnesdæg | Scrabble |
| Þunresdæg | Mancala  |
| Frigedæg  | Senet    |
| Sæterndæg | Go       |
| Sunnandæg | Tarot    |
Myo, being primarily future focused, with a terrible memory, kicked himself when he realised upon entering the Hall, that he'd organised the team's social on Chess day. Yet another reason for the *Monandæg Blues*. To the rippled giggles of his colleagues as they all registered for their Matches, he dropped his head to the Hall's honeycomb parquet of deep red Mahogany in resignation. But, as no amount of foresight could have foretold, things were, really, about to look *up*. 

The Endive lab teammates gifted with the AudioSentia neuroBeacon turned to the Right, taking their relevantly coloured Sound Mufflers from the back wall where they hung on their PhoneHooks, as Myo took a moment to appreciate the contrast of sonic inputs erupting in the space. It certainly was a mixed bag of sensory tiles, pieces of concentrated peace and nets of excitable unrest, resonating through and around each of the Nine points of the star shaped hall.

He and Hamsa turned to the Left, where the Sight Shades rested on their Gogglehooks. As always, he clicked the button to extend the stepladder which unfurled like an accordion's bellow, affording his relative shortness some assistance. The Black Shades, the least used due to their opacity, and fewest in number, according to their relative trough of distribution of need amongst the Players, were the hardest to reach. He'd always thought this somewhat of a puzzling conundrum in itself - while he understood that majority Rules, in terms of statistics, those individuals gifted with the most intensely manifest neuroBeacon found themselves in a double-bind of Reaching. 

Hamsa, having already obtained her Purple Shades from the row below his, helped him down from the stepladder, and pressed the button to set the stepladder back to its retracted position with a (to Myo and Hamsa, at least) very satisfying 'snap' (after ensuring her AudioSentiac colleagues had affixed their Mufflers, of course).

Even through their Mufflers, these colleagues seemed to be peering over at a source of particularly viscous resonance. Myo followed their gaze and saw, at the Northmost point of the Hall, a crowd, gathered around one of the Match Tables, cheering loudly. 

*Ah, wonderful*, he thought. *We've a GM in the House*.
Grand Masters, while common, very rarely showed themselves in the Sacred Matches, preferring to go on their Conference Tours and Present their Findings on the various Fields of Chess Theory. But even the Masters needed to let loose every once in a while. 

The GM in question was Selena. 

Myo surrendered to the inevitable, backward-boulder rolling sequence of loss after loss of his Chess games, occasionally glancing back to Hamsa with each rotation of the opponents, who would sympathetically offer a nod of appreciation for bringing the team to their bi-weekly recreational excursion, even if he was, primarily, much more of a Tarot reader. In a way, this incessant humbling was his form of recreation, as after all these years of rampant success in his Field, he often forgot what it felt like to *not* 'win'.

But his greatest, most fruitful and welcomed loss was just around the corner. 

He performed the necessary gesture of Gamesmanship, shaking the victor's hand (who had violently wrangled him into a brutal Checkmate in only Six moves), and took a deep breath to prepare himself for arriving at the GM's station. 

The Sea of the crowd parted to let him through, like a bleating Lamb to certain slaughter, and there she was; the shimmering daughter of the Moon. 

She was wiping beads of perspiratory enthusiasm from her brow, and quickly wiping her hands on her skirt to allow more accurate placement of her pieces, offering him a smile. 

The dawning curiosity on his face, not just enthralled by her beauty, but by the absolute insanity of the strange looking structure on the table between them--

*What the fuck's going on here, then?* he couldn't avoid spurting. 
Laughing, Selena began to explain. Clearly overcome with that beautiful shine of a person about to talk about their Special Interest. 

"This monstrosity is what I like to call *Hivehouse*," She said, barely able to contain her excitement. 
Sighing flirtatiously, he uttered: '*Go on then, enlighten me, Wise One*'
Myo was grateful that Selena immediately sensed the *actual* reverence in this reply, regardless of its surface layer sarcasm. He was also grateful that she didn't seem to recognise him, and that their interaction was free of the usual sycophantic drivel he so often had to navigate, every human interaction shrouded in a doubtful suspicion that the person he was speaking with simply wanted to be associated with his Work. 

"Well!" she began. "Do you know much about Melittology?"
He smiled, buzzing with Gnoegenomic anticipation;
"Actually, a little - my thesis was on the Hermeneutic implications of the Drone Bee Genome" lifting his water to his lips like a naive, much-too underaged newly crowned King drinking from a Chalice.
She seemed simultaneously gladdened and slightly disappointed, knowing that she wouldn't need to explain the dynamics of the Bee Colony.
"Ah, the *drones* - of course. Don't suppose your pronouns are he/him?"
He smiled at the jibe, accidentally inhaling a little of his water mid-sip. She lovingly flicked another bead of moisture from her brow-
"So, before we get into Hivehouse, I simply *must* know. What *are* the hermeneutic implications of the Drone Bee's genome?"
Well played, he thought.
"I have the paper somewhere on my tablet-" he began, hesitated as she waved her hand ever so slightly in response;
"Just gimme the Sparknotes"
"Okay so firstly" he sputtered, quickly freeing his vocal folds of the last few droplets of foreign moisture "it's important you know about the Hermeneutic Loop"
"You mean the theory that describes how a text is understood by relating its constituent parts to the whole, and the whole to its parts?"
He couldn't help himself but be, quite literally, taken aback - his chair almost tilting entirely backward
"Yes! Exactly! Every Work is a Fractal of self-same yet ever-evolving Meaning!"
Selena, like Myo had upon entering the Hall, was then kicking herself as she noticed a veritable *schoolgirl* sigh slip out from her throat, and quickly corrected her dreamy-eyed posture, taking her chin from where it rested, tilted upon her hands.
Myo continued, pretending not to notice. Frankly, he was right there in besottedness with her: 
"Well, as you likely know, given this fucking Frankenstein Chess you've slapped me with-" he saw her about to interject- "yes, yes, I know, Frankentein was the Doctor, not the monster, but trust me-" He lovingly gestured to his lab's employees "I've known quite a few Scary Doctors"
What was left of the crowd around them (they'd become bored of the egregiously blatant, cringeworthy flirting, with no actual *Chess* to speak of - well, perhaps not immediately obvious Chess, anyway) giggled in agreement, the majority of them being Doctoral candidates. 
"As you probably, definitely know, the Drones are the only ones with a haploid genome"
"Yup, the poor guys eh, always only with one half of the puzzle" she conjectured, with a wink-
"Oh trust me, *trust me,* I know." Signalling to his 'he/him' pronoun badge, which he'd, up til now, strategically hidden behind the lapel of his flannel shirt. "So, in hermeneutical terms, the Drones form an interestingly self-same genomic reflection of the Queen from which they're derived--"
"Your thesis is starting to sound more and more like a Work of Gender Studies!" Selena interrupted, enthralled 
"Well you wouldn't be wrong there" he continued- "pretty much everything becomes Gender Studies when you look through a Symbolic lens."
"*Especially* Chess." She replied
"Especially Chess; mate." 
They smiled. Everybody around them had left them to their devices at this point. Neither could blame them, they were both beautifully sick to their stomachs.
"*Anyway*" he carried on; "given their sole role in mating - I won't labour the Chess joke -they lack the foraging genes, as well as the longevity genes that their female counterparts house in their genomes"
"Of course. They more about the sprint, not the long-distance-"
As if proving her point, much to her genuine delight, he impatiently cut her off
"Exactly yes. From a Hermeneutic standpoint, this could be viewed as parallel to the unsustainable nature of Patriarchal structures that were likely pervasive in anteAntiquity"
*Talk dirty to me* Selena managed to avoid saying, instead opting for: "*Now* you're speakin' my language"
"Leme guess, Gender Studies major?"
"Neoshamanic Chess Theory with a Gender Studies Minor, actually"
He grinned. "Delicious. Now let me finish, then you can thrash me at this insanity I see before me"
"Yes, yes, oui oui, wee monsieur *Avoido*, get to your point"
"So, besides the valid critique of Patriarchal norms that the Drone Bee genome represents as a symbol, it also fundamentally underpins the paradoxical *need* for hierarchy within self-sustaining, generative systems of holistic animacy"
"The role of a stone gathers no Moss, you might say"
"You might indeed. What's even *more* interesting is the epigenome, and how histone modifications, DNA methylation and suchlike, shaped by the pheromonal cues from the Bee's environment, in turn feeds back, and shapes the epigenetic changes in future generations. Crucially, the point I'm making here is that even beyond the 'script' the Bees, and we, are given at birth, are in a dynamic dance with the experiences we grow into. Our stories are not just written for us, we have a very important, collaborative role in writing them-"
"How very trans."
With a joyful twinkle, he agreed: 
"*Very.*" The two of them shared a single second that stretched into eternity; like the tunnel created by two mirrors facing one another. 
"Anyway that's it. Your move. Oh! What's your name?"
She guffawed. "Selena"
"Lovely. I'm Myo" as he went to shake her hand-
"Sorry, I don't do touch"
"Apologies! My mistake" he said, not at all offended. 

"Right so now we've laid out all the problems with the Hierarchical Puzzle of this world, I give you, my solution:" she dramatically announced, gesturing like a Ringmaster at the beginning of her Travelling Circus's show
"First off, Bughouse Chess is usually played in teams. But-"
"Lemme guess; you don't do teams"
"Exactly. Too much noise."
"And there's only One Queen, after all"
With a sharp, well-trained tongue pop, she replied: "Now you're getting it, laddie"

Clearly being careful to avoid touching him (he moved a little back to allow for this), she moved over to his side of the table, and started to explain the setup. 
Her invention, now patented, included the specially made board (she'd gone through hell perfecting the 3D print). It was two, 9x9 grid, Hexagonal Chess boards, each with a concave curvature, placed back to back, giving the silhouette of an hourglass, or a butterfly, when viewed in profile. 
"So, this outer ring is where the Worker Pawns go"
"Nice--" Myo started to add
"Sh, it's my turn"
He made a playful 'zipping' gesture over his lips. 
"Then, the middle rings of hexagons are for the canonical non-pawn pieces, also Workers"- she started to click his Worker pieces into place
"In *Hivehouse*, you get to choose where the pieces go, and your decisions of placement are part of the strategy. Much like *Battleship*, part of the game lies in its almost Hermetically sealed secrecy between the opponents' pieces positions. So I would strongly suggest that you move them from these Hexagons I'm putting them in to explain. Because I will remember."
She then picked up the Nine, winged pieces with cruciform antennae-
"In this Chess variant, there are Nine Kings." She placed them in a circle around the central Hexagon.
"And, as you rightly pointed out, only One Queen"
With this, she clicked the Queen Bee into place, bang in the central Hexagon, which was the only transparent part of the structure. 
"Seeing as the Queen always starts in the centre, there's no need to hide her position. She isn't limited in her movement, just like in canonical Chess, but the transparency of the square provides some balance to the game's mechanics, in that, her absence will immediately be known by your opponent."
"Just like a Bee Colony"
"Exactly! You're a fast learner" - He offered an ironic salute.
"So these Nine Kings, or Drones, can still only move one Hexagonal space at a time. Have you ever played normal Hexagonal Chess?"
"Once, during Undergrad--"
"Okay good. Then I don't need to explain the rudimentary mechanics"
He stayed quiet, not wanting to appear *entirely* incompetent (the truth was, he couldn't for the life of him remember, but it wasn't like he was going to win anyway)
"In Bughouse, which is usually a collaborative game, any captured piece is placed on your teammates board. But you can also play the game solo, sort of like a more sophisticated, chaotic *Solitaire*. So *Hivehouse* sort of combines these games, with, as I mentioned, the basic premise of *Battleship.* You need to, throughout the early game, build an idea of where my Worker pieces might be placed, and retain that in memory. Then, as you take off your hand from your piece upon making a move, my board will light up on the corresponding square. If there's a piece there, I hand it to you, and you deploy it on your Hive. Make sense?"
"Uh... I'm sure I'll get the hang of it" He said, entirely aware that he wouldn't. 

--

Around an hour into their match, when his entire lab had gone home, and the Hall was all but empty, the unthinkable happened. 

They were almost at the end game, and both of them were reasonably surprised at how long Myo had managed to hang on. He was left with Two of his (Yellow) kings and One of hers (Burgundy). She still had Eight of hers, as well as the Seven that he'd unwittingly sacrificed. It was by entirely dumb luck that he'd even managed to capture one, and by this point, he was just randomly placing pieces - but out of respect for her truly masterful invention, he really *was* trying to keep up. 

He'd just placed his Worker Bishop in the top left quadrant of the middle ring of his board, capturing her Worker Rook (again, entirely by chance). Rapt by the pivotal final moments of her Special Interest, she'd stopped paying so much attention to the space between them. As she handed over the piece, not taking her eyes from her Hive, their hands brushed against one another. 

And then, for both of them, for the first time in either of their lives, came the most cacophonous 
*silence.*

Both of them jumped backward from their chairs, sending them, and the entire structure of pieces, clattering upon the floor. 

"What the *fuck*?" they both said, in unison, and then:
"*What?*" wondering what the other had meant--

"I--"
"I can't--"

The truth was, that both of them had been hiding, since they were old enough to know what hiding was. 
Both of them had a certain idiosyncratic gift. 
Selena's gift, which was activated through the tactile tense, afforded her the ability to gain an object, or person's, history, as long as this information was necessary to be revealed, either for her or for the person she was touching. 
For Myo, whose primary modality of experience was through his visual sense, had the ability to foresee causal clouds, stretching out in front of him. 
These 'gifts', as gifts often are, were an incessant burden to each of them. And both of them had kept them locked, out of sight, from anyone, including their parents. 
Even in this society, where the ubiquitous diviagnosis of neuroBeacons had entirely shifted the People's perspective of what was previously known and pathologised, in anteAntiquity, as 'neurodivergence'; even amidst this cultural landscape, their 'abilities' were unheard of. As such, the two of them had been terrified of even mentioning them to anyone. 

But the moment their skin came into contact, 
All the noise, all the futures, all the history, 
converged into a blissful silence, that neither of them had ever experienced. 


And that was it. 
Then, both of them knew, 
Drones in this incessantly buzing hive;
They simply had no choice- 

And there, amidst the scattered pieces, 
The two shattered domes, once laboured over by Selena, for so many countless hours, 
The Sun now sunken, both of their dicks decidedly *not* so; 
They started to tear off each others clothes.














