---
permalink: 16062024
---
16/06/2024
Of course I see and feel the intense fear you are feeling 
You don’t deserve to be feeling it 
You were the most caring partner I have ever had.
I don’t need to be told , that’s exactly what I am mourning. 
That’s the unbearable weight of the loss. 

I don’t just care enormously about you barnie, you are with me everywhere 
You are everywhere , as much as I try to avert my eyes, my heart,  I will always _love_ you. 

None of this is your fault just as none of this is mine. 
I hear everything you’re saying about the game of telephone. Again, you don’t need to tell me , I’ve spoken to arnas about how unhappy I was with them taking MY story and MY truth and running with it. 
I am intensely, intensely  worried about you 
(I literally haven’t even *used* the WORD ‘abuse’ for fear of this entire situation. I told you .)
but I shouldn’t be worried about you. 
Not right now and not anymore. 
I don’t know if I can ever switch it off 

But I have to try 

Because the support you are asking from me right now, to hear your side and remediate and reach out to people who have misconstrued (if that is what you’re asking, I don’t know what you’re asking of me really that I haven’t already shown you - I have agreed with everything you’ve saying.)  is the support a girlfriend gives .



I’m not supposed to do that anymore 

I wanted to 
but it’s one or the other , we can’t pick and choose the parts of a person to take, we have to accept the whole 
And I’m doing my part in accepting that you no longer wish to be romantically involved , by keeping appropriate distance until the pain eases enough to rebuild. 


Anyone who truly knows you knows you, i thought and hope you still know me , know that I’m literally just here fucking crying and loving you and remembering all the love and trying to stop so we can move forward. 




22/06/2024 7:00am

Sitting here in hospital waiting to go down with Colin sat in the seat next to the bed and all I can think about is how I want to text you and say in case anything happens I love you I have always been loving you and on and on I will love you in every iteration of waking up next to and waking up without you and if I never wake up at all thank you 
For loving me so necessarily 
For loving the parts of me I didn’t know I had and for loving the parts of me I hate and the parts of me I know you found difficult and for loving me even with the parts of you I found difficult and for trying trying trying thank you for just trying to love me when I know I made it so hard 

And I miss you and my heart hurts it’s got a goofy shaped hole in it 

In case anything happens 
you really did make so many of my dreams come true 

I’m sorry for the nightmares 
That left your boundless bedsheets sodden 
And I hope the stains of what I meant or could ever mean to you 
Evaporate 
leaving only 
the most shimmering, clearest jewels 
On pillows 
In pillars 
Of salt 
behind 





And I’ll be thanking you 
when I see you 
in the next part of the dream 






Surgery - 8:30am 






22/06/24 12:45pm
Upon waking 

In spite of my shameful hope 



I woke up 


I travelled 

Last night 
Before coming here 
I know I did 
I felt a welcomed slipping from this body 
In a peeling vehicle of my design 
And a wretched jolting back 

Barely balanced upon 
The smallest alter of anaesthesist 
With busy unfamiliar fingers 
Did bring my Organ to The Needle 
Which that night laid an offering -
The Papyrus of the Lambskin burned
Heralds keys of His cathedral