---
permalink: A self-described ‘noise alchemist’, multi-instrumentalist and avant…
---
A self-described ‘noise alchemist’, multi-instrumentalist and avant-garde conceptual artist based in Glasgow, Callie Rose Petal (lonely carp) uses the many facets of her creative practice to attempt to crystallise the infinite complexity of a lived trans* experience; fusing the demonic and the devotional into a chimera, forging light from inside darkness. Her performance pieces began with 'HOW MUCH DO I HAVE TO BLEED BEFORE YOU CALL ME A WOMAN' - a live art work performed atop the crest of Arthur's Seat in Edinburgh, which was recorded and featured in the award-winning documentary based around Callie's life and works, directed by Lea Luiz de Oliveira. What followed was an explosive period of productivity in this field, with all of lonely carp's subsequent KATABASIS sets hinging on the provocative performance art that accompanied the live recital of her grant-funded debut studio album. These performances honed her craft as a performance artist, and allowed her practice to grow in scope, leading to two festival commissions for her work, performed in her hometown in 2022 and internationally in Brussels in 2023 - 'IF ONLY HANDS COULD SPEAK' - a raw, gory and harrowing exploration of her sexual trauma. Callie continues to evolve her live art practice, and is currently (secretly) developing her largest scale work yet, which brings together elements of sound design/noise composition with another gut-wrenching conceptual performance in a whitespace setting, in order to draw attention to the structural transphobia entrenched within the fashion industry.


BERLIN RESIDENCY :

I have always been a conceptual performer, throughout every medium I have explored in my career. While music has been the foundational form of my practice, over the last three/four years the music and sound art I make has become a foundational element that I have been building upon with live/performance art. After being awarded the prestigious Do It Differently fund by Help Musicians UK, I recorded my studio debut 'KATABASIS: an underworld opera' (which tackled, through allegorical descent to the underworld, my experience as a trans sex worker), allowing me to press my work on vinyl for the first time, and to tour this work in a more explosive and authentic modality than I'd been able to prior. With ritualistic performance accompanying the recital of the album, I have been able to further develop ciphers contained within the concept of the piece, and synergise my craft with witchcraft - unhinged and raw mixed media performance occurring within a summoning circle in the shape of the trans symbol: a feature that has come to be expected at a lonely carp show. These live shows, along with a gallery commission for my work 'IF ONLY HANDS COULD SPEAK' illuminated my purpose as a conceptual performance artist. Following my recent first international performance of this work at Homografia festival in Brussels, I see that this is the part of my practice I feel most deeply aligned with, and I wish to develop it further in a formal residency setting. Due to economic and social barriers, I have never been able to travel to Berlin, which I see as a Mecca for queer creatives and the place which I hope to one day reside in. I believe this residency will allow me to develop my live practice in the beautifully creative hotspot of Berlin, focusing on a novel large-scale sound and performance work that confronts the structural transphobia of the fashion industry. I would not be able to research or develop this work without the time and funding to do so, and believe the mission of this residency in particular is perfectly fitted to my own aims as a multi-disciplinary artist.