---
permalink: Buzzcut answers
---
## Q.1 Please describe your existing practise and what you want to explore or develop as part of the residency (400 words)
## *
Tips: Use this question to tell us about your arts practise, what does your work look, feel, sound like? What references do you draw on for inspiration? It is often helpful to describe one or two previous works to give the panel examples of what makes you tick. You also might want to reference any awards, commissions, achievements you’ve had recently. This is also your chance to talk about the specific project idea that you want to explore during your time working with us. What are you interested in working on right now and why? Are you asking a specific question or exploring a particular topic? Are you interested in experimenting with a particular dance or performance style? What are the materials you are working with or interested in working with?


I am a conceptual live artist and experimental musician working under the moniker ‘lonely carp’ and currently in the process of moving from Edinburgh to Glasgow. My inaugural live art work, titled ‘HOW MUCH DO I HAVE TO BLEED BEFORE YOU CALL ME A WOMAN’ was performed on top of Arthur’s seat during the height of the pandemic in 2020, and saw me bound and stripped naked, being covered in the reported names of trans* lives taken in 2020 on my bare skin, before being covered in fake blood and screaming to the sky through a ballgag. I will also be opening Spit It Out’s Aye Festival in Edinburgh with my performance work ‘ARCHITECT OF MY ABUSE: THIS HOUSE YOU BUILT MUST SURELY COLLAPSE’, which will see me stage the severance of my own tongue using props along to an orchestral noise EP I released in February - an allusion to the story of Philomela’s rape, being silenced by an oppressor but refusing to stay quiet. I draw influence from drag and BDSM culture, warping and amalgamating tropes from both in order to express the complexity of my own experience as a trans* woman. My work is inherently and unavoidably political, just as my own existence is politicised. I wish to develop a work conceived and delivered at Sneaky Pete’s this year, as part of the Aquelarre series of club nights. I created a mix of harsh industrial, queer noise music, interspersed with intense field recordings (such as Aileen Wuornos’ final interview) and samples of transphobic individuals being drowned out by the noise and performance. As the mix progressed, I gave numerous disturbing reveals, jumping from the stage into splits, and danced a monstrous version of vogue femme with fake blood pouring from my mouth (thus subverting drag show tropes). The main language with which I speak in my work is violence, oftentimes the only energy intense enough to express the anger I feel from the injustice I have faced. I perform with an electric double bass onstage, which acts as a phallic symbol, which I whip with a 2 metre long metal chain, processing the signal through Ableton to create apocalyptic walls of noise along to my sexualised movement upon and around the bass. This particular aspect of my performance alludes to my experience with survival sex, the most traumatic time of my life, which has provided me with the alchemical prime to create such disturbingly intense work. I want to continue to explore this realm of my past through overwhelmingly loud and aggressive club performance, as this is the place I would find myself trying to escape to, trying to find myself in, and through the noise, through the writhing, sweaty bodies, only finding myself more and more alone. 



## Q.3 What interests you about club performance and what do you want to get out of this residency? (200 words)
## *
Tips: This is a chance to give the panel an idea about what impact you think this residency will have on your career and practise. Are you already an established face on the club-scene and you want to spend some time developing new ideas? Are you totally new to club performance and want to have a go? Will this residency impact any wider research interests or long-term ambitions? Do you want to develop a new income stream to support your practise elsewhere?

I was incredibly excited to see this residency opportunity advertised, as I have for the longest time wanted to bring my dark and terrifying practice into the club scene in a more sustainable way. Particularly after the show at Sneaky Pete’s, the need for such performances in such spaces crystallised for me, and the response I received galvanised my efforts to subvert the idea of ‘clubbing’. The nightclub has always been such a dualistic space for me - such a staple of my culture as a queer person, and yet such a source of anxiety and ostracisation with its bias towards the cisgender, conventional, and commercial. As I make the move from Edinburgh to Glasgow, I want to cement myself into the alternative scene in the city, and forge networks that can bolster my existing noise practice. I  believe this residency will provide an invaluable research opportunity to collect feedback from audiences and gauge the receptiveness to such dark work in the club scene in Glasgow, and allow me to amalgamate the two aspects of my practice, both live art and noise music, into an integrated show that I can continue to tour within and outside of Scotland once the residency is over, thanks to the tools and networks provided by BUZZCUT. Thank you so much for your consideration and for providing such an exciting opportunity in the first place!