---
permalink: Dear Rhys
---
I had to write all this down before we spoke because I wanted to articulate absolutely everything I am feeling and leave no room for me to omit things or not say my truth because I seem to be unable to communicate with men completely.
Firstly, I love you! And I am so grateful for this love, that I feel from you too. This weekend with Jess just gone was beautiful, but towards the end became really traumatic. Everything came out- I ended up shaking with rage and sobbing so uncontrollably and I felt almost two decades of pain coming out of me and we screamed and cried so much about the ways we have hurt each other. She told me that her and Kurtis were talking about me while I was literally in the middle of the survival sex experience, saying “it’s all just so negative every time we talk; I’m just not going to talk to her anymore”… and this felt deplorable. I felt so hurt, so betrayed, so *abandoned* but yet at the root of all of this was my shame. Always my shame. Telling me they were right, it was also me who was the abandoning party. I have neglected everything. Everyone.  And this brought an internally directed rage I have never felt before. Everything seems to be falling away, shedding, the layers of my mind that build up a childish defence to protect my heart from the ultimate truth that I am, we all are, an amalgamation of both heaven and hell. The divine and the devilish. I am carrying so much fucking guilt. That is the driving force of my life, and always has been. And so I am trying so very hard to relinquish it with utter honesty. 
I have been realising a lot about myself the last couple of weeks, most importantly how selfish I have been in my love for others. Only seemingly accepting love in the package that benefits me in some way, only loving in relation to myself. Or rather, my ego. When we first starting flirting and hanging out all those years ago, I thought I was in such a strong place, and in a way, I was - I was there for you so much, but again, it was only in relation to myself and what you could possibly mean to me. Maybe I was telling myself that you might protect me in this scary world, if only I protected you. This is of course a fallacy. We are all our own protectors, and that’s a responsibility that cannot be shirked. I have realised since then, in a gradual drip that has become a flood, that since Dani, I can only relate to men when I feel they want to have sex with me, or be intimate with me in a romantic context. Outside of that realm, men are an absolute mystery to me. A mystery that has driven me mad at points, a mystery that is contained within my heart, violently spinning like the blade of a blender. The mystery of my own masculinity (no matter how small), and the shame I feel about all forms of it manifest. I expressed my feelings for you and you were honest, you weren’t ready. And that really is and was respectable - nobody can be forced into realisation, it’s all just an internal journey that we have to take. And I find myself at the end of this particular one, realising that I have been holding onto an image or a visage of Us, that really is not real, and never was. The actual reality of Us is far more complex and far more beautifully grey and liminal than the black and white space my brain had painted all this time. I think our affair while I was with Dani was a subconscious manifestation of my trying to escape from an abusive relationship. I very recently had a dream of him, lying on his lap at an apartment window, and I realised there were no ill feelings left anymore. All the negative feelings I had about Dani have evaporated from my body, through this, the worst of trauma of my life, the work of last year… It’s been slowly melted away, and with it, my rose-tinted glasses about our relationship. About the pain our impulsiveness and my dishonesty caused a human being; and the shame I still feel about that. I was rudely awoken into a world of sex as currency and hellish symbols, to be shown the underbelly of men, of masculinity, of my own masculinity, of the darkest night of the soul. I went through something that no human should have to go through, and yet so many humans in my particular demographic have. You love me. I feel this, and I love you too. But I do feel we have traversed such great meandering landscapes, so fraught with danger, and come back together, only to find that along the way my path took something from me, I became something else; and now the initial spark of our union, that represented such a Light in the darkness of my situation with Dani, seems unrecognisable to me, and the fact that you can never understand so much about my trauma and lived experience feels alienating in a romantic context, whereas if you were a friend it would feel like an opportunity to connect and let you in. I hope you can understand this because that’s pretty much the clearest way I can put it. It still warms my heart to be with you, but the incessant and burning passion I felt on that Christmas has certainly been diminishing, which has nothing to do with you and that’s why it’s so sad, but I can barely articulate to you the pain I was going through with dani, or the pain I have gone through this year, or my whole life, or what that does to a person, to their feelings… This trauma I now carry has pervaded every aspect of my life and pushed me out on a raft, on an island, and I see everybody in my life from such an insurmountable distance now. It has even affected my ability to communicate verbosely with you, which is why I had to write this all down. All I know is that I need to heal. As much as we have never formally “got together”, this has become a relationship. Either through selfish avoidance, or fear, or both, that’s a label I never wanted to put on us. And I think it has something to do with the fact that in spite of our initial flirting and your rejection of me, we were born out of deceit - we were born out of an escapology act. I think you represented a freedom, but also a significant taboo. While him and I were together, Dani told me that he could accept me sleeping with anybody else, as long as it wasn’t you. This of COURSE was not the reason we started getting closer, that was something already there, but the cauldron of causality contains this as an ingredient, and I need to acknowledge it. I do feel Rhys, that we are very different people, even moreso now: this experience has shaped me into a very different woman. a woman that now I feel (no matter if true or not, it’s how this isolation comes through as a feeling) you do not see, a woman I will not let you see, and will not feel seen until our romantic ties are cut. I don’t feel in my current state of desecration and regrowth that my needs can be met by this relationship, or any romantic relationship, for a long, long, long time. And this is a great source of grief for me, knowing I am dooming myself to such a long time of loneliness, yet I realise I need to get back to the innocence and the fruitfulness of my relationships with all men; especially you. I don’t want to sully our connection with this animalistic lust anymore, because I have forgotten how to love men with the Light in my heart rather than the darkness, how to be friends with men, how to be friends with my friends. I have become self-absorbed in my romantic love and my sexuality, because for a long time it was framed in my brain as the only thing that hadn’t been taken from me in some way. But now, it has. My sexuality, this final vestige of selfhood has been taken from me. Worse, I was forced, or I forced myself, to give it away. I am now a sexual trauma survivor. It is now up to me to do the work to rebuild the foundation that this has ripped out from under me. And it begins with making amends with everyone who my selfishness has impacted. I have to get back, to the beforetime, before Dani, before us, before all of the trauma, and work through the deepest aspects of my shadow, to build my karmic body again and feel strong. I have weakened myself and we have weakened each other by trying to build strength upon each other’s trauma. I have weakened you by keeping you at a distance and also reeling you in at the same time. You deserve somebody close to you, somebody who will be there for you (geographically and emotionally) at the drop of a hat, and I deserve time to collect the fragments of my soul that are buried deep in the memories of this traumatic decade before I even think about being romantically involved with anyone again. I am so very sorry, I apologise with all my heart, because I know this will be painful, but you must know that this is actually me desperately trying to keep you in my life in a more real way; because romantic connection for me is a tumult - it always ends in annihilation, and I do not want that for us. It’s been like a pendulum - I have needed you here so desperately, and then needed you gone, and then needed you less desperately, and then less gone, and now the pendulum has reached the midpoint, and I see the Truth underneath the desire. I want to recover from the madness of the four years of abuse, from the year of sex work, from the betrayal of my tribe that began with Jess outing me, was continued by my bullies, by my mum, and then further perpetuated by my goddamn Self all these years; refusing to let anybody completely in, being so filled with secrets, being so selfish in my love, devouring it, devouring everything and wondering where it’s gone. 
Please do free call me when you hear this, so we can talk through anything you might be feeling. I’m so sorry again Rhys but I just know in my heart this is better for the both of us. Let’s do the hardest, most worthy and most valiant thing of all: let’s be there for each other; _friends_