---
permalink: I have been in the studio for approximately 20 hours a week, recording…
---
**I have been in the studio for approximately 20 hours a week, recording the instrumental, vocal, and screamed parts of the album. All the necessary elements have now been recorded, and so yesterday the production phase began, and I am working with my producer, Monika Ziska, who is mixing and mastering the album. The album has gone through multiple re-starts since my last update, for many different reasons, and while this has been exceptionally tough on an emotional and physical level, I have honestly never felt so proud of a piece of work and feel this is already the greatest piece of art I have made in my career. It is incredibly heavy, exceptionally dark and overwhelmingly intense. It chronicles the darkest time of my life, and I wouldn't have had the strength and resolve to continue this work without the backing from Help Musicians. Even on a psychological level, knowing I have the support of such a prestigious grant has pushed me again and again to work harder in the studio, to be precise in my chaotic noise, to treat this work and importantly myself with the reverence and respect it deserves, and I deserve.**

**The album is now seven tracks. This number feels very significant due to the scriptural references in the work, and the holy quality of the number itself. The originally planned field recording sections are now found weaved into the entire work. The pieces do still descend (although they are not labelled in such a derivative way), and the acoustic, orchestral elements gradually become outweighed and pushed out by harsh electronics and ambient noise. My vocals become more and more pitch shifted as we progress through the release, and every track represents a chakra of the body; meaning the album is both a descent, and an ascent. A true Katabasis. Mixing and mastering (originally budgeted to be performed by Black Cave Recordings) is now being done by Monika Ziska (maniatrix), a good friend and collaborator. This has been absolutely transformative for the work and has breathed life into every piece on the album, as we've been able to have an open dialogue about the direction it's taking, and their advice on the actual sound aspect of the album has already been invaluable. We are working remotely still to mitigate the risk of covid (although we are also both fully vaccinated). I am even grateful for the setbacks and limitations that have led to the morphing and changing of the work, because I now see art as a conversation one has with one's own practice, not so much a forceful pushing of resources into a preconceived rigidity of concept. Now, having had the gargantuan help of the DID fund, I have been able to develop an undulating flow in my work, experimenting with space and form, and coming back to centre to see what can be build on said forms within said space. Preconceived ideas can be absolutely fatal for a project, and I see this now. Obviously having the larger concept of KATABASIS has been necessary to guide the work, but not being so hung up on the details of how I might get there, and understanding that the final work may not exactly sound like the plans I originally made last year, has brought about such a paradigm shift in my practice, and I really feel such belief in myself because of it.**

**I cannot articulate sufficiently just how positive the impact of this grant has been on my creative practice... I have had the freedom, for the first time in my life, to actually rework pieces from scratch, to lose this sense of preciousness about my art, and really be critical enough of my own work to allow it to flourish into something even better than my original vision. My whole career has been spend vulnerably creating and immediately releasing the art to the world, for fear of eventually hating the piece (which inevitably happens because I haven't had the time nor funding to bring my ideas to complete fruition). Additionally, I have learned so much about the process of professionally creating art - its iterative and secretive nature. The technical skills I have developed over the time of this grant completely dwarf the progression of skills I have gained through self-directed creative practice for the last decade or so. Affording the latest version of Ableton live has honestly changed my life in a way that pervades everything, not just music. I feel such a sense of liberation from my own mind, from the unrest and unease that came from not having the equipment to match my huge concepts. I cannot thank Help Musicians enough for this incredible and life changing opportunity!**

**With Erik, I learned the importance of digital marketing, which really put my mind at ease about the covid restrictions/anxieties, and my reluctance to book gigs for this album this year. He also gave me some useful advice on branding, and explained that with all of my creative outputs, it can be difficult to forge a unified sense of a brand. So I've been streamlining my online presence, and I am working on a website to amalgamate everything onto, instead of using instagram for such. With Jacq, I had a beautiful conversation, on top of an unplanned video conference she gifted me because we'd connected so much. We spoke about plenty of things that encompassed both the business side and the spiritual/emotional side of my practice, and I will forever be so grateful for her advice. We are still connected over email and instagram, and I am so happy to have met this powerful and beautifully empathetic soul!**

**I am planning a fringe show of KATABASIS for next year; a noise-cabaret opera, performed in a dark, small room, that will bring the audience on the descent to the underworld with me. I have had plenty of ideas for choreography and set design, and I am incredibly excited to make this show a reality. I will be using as much profit I make from vinyl sales as I can to put back into this work and keep the longevity of the project going. I am not actively looking for live performances at this time, because regardless of vaccination, I still feel very anxious to be around people, and the album itself contains so many pitch shifted vocals and glitched-out elements that it will be hard to perform it live with the equipment and opportunities I currently have at my disposal. So I am going to be focusing on digital marketing (as is written in my original application), and building this impactful fringe show for next year, which will act as the "tour" of the album in an unconventional sense. I will be looking to make the show portable enough to perform at multiple events in the arts festival circuit.**