---
permalink: NHS Genetics post
---
Why do you think you are suitable for this role? (Describe how your skills, knowledge and experience match the person specification, while also explaining your motivation and goals.)

My original Hons degree was in Biomedical Science, before I transferred in my final year to Medical Microbiology & Virology. This degree stream contained more bioinformatics modules in its final year, an area I became very interested in during my undergraduate studies, allowing me to complete a research project in bioinformatics (specifically: predicting activity of retroviral & cellular IRES regions based on sequence or structure). During my 3 years at the Roslin Institute, I became proficient in navigating an HPCC to run jobs utilising scripts I had written in Bash and Python, and also learned how to handle very large genomic datasets on the command line (WGS and GWAS data from chickens exposed to Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza). It was then my responsibility to take SNP candidates for resistance to HPAI identified in the first half of the project into the lab and test affected candidate genes identified in bioinformatic analysis using single-cell models of influenza infection. As such, I am very experienced in both dry (in silico/programming-based) and wet lab genomics techniques. Unfortunately, I caught covid in 2020 and came very close to death, which forced me to re-evaluate my aspirations of academic science and come out to my family as trans*. This led to a complete loss of familial support, and I worked hard on my creative practice for the following years in order to become self-sufficient and reach the conclusion that programming was the part of my research that truly fascinated me. 
My main motivation in life is helping others, and I will always work diligently to ensure equity, fairness, and compassion are championed within a team. I was the Equality and Diversity officer for the College of Medicine and Veterinary Medicine during my research, being responsible for the installation of gender neutral bathrooms on every floor of the Roslin Institute, organising events for LGBTSTEMDay, hosting a seminar given by PrideInSTEM, and initiating the first ever pride socials at the Easter Bush campus - these efforts won me the Outstanding Student Experience Award from the R(D)SVS in 2019. While the chaos of the pandemic forced me to cut short my time in academia, I am galvanised to utilise my years of training and education in genetics in order to have a direct contribution to the care of patients. I am a highly creative person who infuses this creativity into her technical and analytical work, and I work incredibly hard to find intersectional solutions to problems. For example, my recent grant funding from Creative Informatics to develop an interactive musical experience entirely from scratch amalgamates the education I have had in computer programming with my classical music training. As a trans* person, I have faced numerous difficulties getting to this point in my education and life, but I find the adversity and ostracisation I have faced has been a gift to help me connect and empathise with others on a very deep level. 



Why do you want to work for the NHS? (think about the NHS and or Board Values)



Is there any other relevant information that will assist us in shortlisting your application (if none, please state)

I have completed multiple training courses in applied Genetics and Genomics, including RNASeq in R, Linux & Workflows, Linux for Genomics, Python for Biologists and Advanced Python for Biologists, delivered by Dr Martin Jones of Edinburgh Genomics. I have presented my work at myriad academic institutions and conferences (University of Edinburgh, PAG, San Diego; Oxford University; Trinity College Dublin; Cambridge University; Warsaw University of Life Sciences) and worked for over a month at the Warsaw University of Life Sciences (SGGW) where I performed much of the GWAS analysis of my PhD research and gave multiple tutorials to undergraduate students.