---
permalink: NISAN TAROT READING 8TH OCT
---
HOW WILL THE ENERGIES SURROUNDING THEM GUIDE NISAN’S CREATIVE PRACTICE?

Your “present” card represents the current state of affairs as it relates to your creative practice. For this spread the card is The Lovers. A powerful card that represents love and union, not just romantic partnership but more importantly a union of the spirit and the physical body. At the core of this card is Heart - and the ability to connect to others through the heart centre. Beware: desire underpins the current situation like a serpent ready to bite. 

Your “Challenge” card is laid across the present card, and shows what must be overcome in order to progress with your practice. The card drawn at this position was a reversed Eight of Wands. This is a very interesting placement, because the card in its upright orientation represents the realisation of goals through acknowledging the importance of duality; of rest AND of work. Its reversal suggests that imbalance of work and rest is what is currently acting as a barrier to your success. In the next few days, it’s important that you take time for yourself, away from assignments and work, to reconnect with your inherent ability to achieve goals relating to your practice. Not resting sufficiently will inevitably lead to losses. 

The Past card: events that have led up to the current situation… The Emperor (reversed). This card in its upright orientation represents leadership, government, and determination. In the reversed position, the Emperor can be domineering and rigid in his thinking. The card suggests an over-use and abuse of authoritative power that once surrounded you. It could have originated from yourself or from another person, often a boss, partner or father figure. And it may have been because of deep insecurities from childhood. Consider the role that power once played in your life. Did you give away your personal power to please someone else, often a person in authority? 
The reversed Emperor may be a sign that others looked to you as their leader or as an expert in the field but you hid away from the role. You may have feared being seen as the leader, instead preferring to hide in the shadows or stay out of the spotlight. 

Immediate future card (next few weeks or months): Reversed Ace of Pentacles.
This is the ultimate manifestation card, and don’t be dissuaded by its reversal. This card often appears as a warning of realistic thinking - warning you to take care of your finances but also reminding you that finances are not the ultimate gauge of success. Be wary in the coming weeks of opportunities that may fall through and promises that may be broken, while understanding that presence of mind will be an ark that can carry you through any flood. Within every loss is the seed of abundance, and appears that in order to overcome this financial disarray, you must go back to the Past and flip the Emperor the right way up - understand your power. Become the leader you were born to. be. The horizontal line from past to future cards is exceptionally telling in your case - showing a trajectory from inherent power given to another, through the challenge of learning when to let go and rest, into the immediate future of economic instability. An external state of stability, particularly in your case, will be achieved once an internal acknowledgement of power and leadership occurs. 

Above card: your conscious mind and how it influences your aspirations.
Reversed Wheel of Fortune…. VERY interesting. the reversed Wheel of Fortune might mean that you are finally breaking a negative cycle that has been present in your life. Perhaps you have realised how your actions have created a repetitive situation and are now ready to break free from the cycle. Don’t allow your resistance to change to creep in for even a single second!! Be the river. 

Below card: your subconscious and how it influences your aspirations. 
Ace of Cups.
This is the Dove card, the card that popped out and spoke to me, telling me to buy the cards!! 
It stands for reciprocity, creativity and love. This shows that meaningful, authentic connection and collaboration has underpinned your creative practice, but most importantly, will be the main way out of your resistance to change, and collaboration will help you break any cycles of rumination and stagnation that may have formed over the course of your creative exploration. 

Advice card: Ace of Wands!!!!!
“In an endless expanse of blue sky, a hand bursts forth from a cloud holding a branch - Being has arrived! Trembling with newness and excitement, the first leaves of knowledge float down from the sky to the river below, their voices merging in the waters to form a new language - the language of possibility, opportunity and hope. That branch is ours to take, that river our journey’s start. Potential is the kingdom of all beginnings.”
So this card provides the main piece of advice to take away from the reading. It would seem that your energy of recognising Potential, Ambition and new beginnings is particularly strong (which we knew anyway) and should be channelled and crystallised for you to move froward. Step forward into the newness with the awe-inspired wonder of a little child. 

External influences: Four of Wands.
Family. Community. Stability. This card is like a symbolic womb of support, allowing you to grow from within. You are extremely protected by an astounding array of spiritual and physical presence, your energetic family providing any stability that may have been taken from you due to issues in your early life. They are always protecting you, and this card at this position is an exceptionally good sign for your practice. Trust your instincts, because they are fuelled and guided by ancestral love, by your invisible and visible Families. 

Hopes and Fears: Nine of Pentacles.
You are afraid of your own intellect. Paradoxically, this is also your greatest source of hope. Your intellect has got you this far, allowed you to forge the necessary connections to be supported in your practice, and given you the ability to understand your own intuition. But you have a deep rooted fear of appearing intimidating, and this has both fed into and been fed by your early experience of giving away your own power. This is a fantastically hopeful card at this position - material wealth is associated to the card, and so it seems it’s important for you to not be afraid of abundance  - fear of your own success will become a self-fulfilling prophecy if you censor your own intelligence to appear more approachable. 

Outcome card: Ten of Wands.
This card shows the overall outcome of your creative practice if nothing were to change and everything were to stay how it is in this current moment. This card suggests an over-burdening. It appears in the Current situation., you must learn to delegate, or else risk having to carry a gigantic bundle of twigs across a wide and hilly plain. It’s okay to make multiple trips. It’s okay to lighten the load by passing off some of your bundle to someone else. This is the card of responsibility and achievement. So there is no doubt from the cards that as things stand, you will be very successful in your art, but it’s important for you to ask for help. for your health, for you to flip over that Wheel of fortune and accept the cycles of life, for the hugely positive karma that you have accumulated to run back to you like a tap being unblocked. Simply acknowledging your power, and asking for help in your new beginnings seems to be the main takeaway from this spread. 

I LOVE YOU!!!