---
permalink: TAROT
---
Celtic Cross 
Thursday 7th October 06:58am 

- First ever complete tarot reading. 
- What a beautiful deck! So gentle, elegant and kind. 
- I must overcome my self-imposed seclusion, using the abundance that has been afforded to me from birth (on the surface level, inherent masculinity, and on the deeper plane in the form of connection and support from others). The ‘scarcity’ that is around the corner is purely a subjective scarcity (womanhood), and will be very important in achieving my goal - green grass lies under the frost, growing in wait. Truth, balance and cosmic justice underpin my reality, influencing all my behaviour. I aspire deeply to achieve enlightenment, knowing full well that this will cause me to be misunderstood, and perhaps even revelling in the aspiration mores due to this. This is something I should work on letting go of. Wanting things  specifically for their isolating nature. The most pressing piece of advice that jumps out from this reading is that I must find love. Find a romantic partner to share my experience with. I am ready now, as I begin my medical transition, to bring someone else into my life - fully affirmed as a woman. Fully realised as a human. This is the perfect place to begin a romantic story. Chaos, destruction and loss will reign over every aspect of my life, and my spirit guides are demon-esque in their power. And this is not a bad thing. This is my greatest strength. This is where the intensity, uniqueness and novelty of my work comes from. My hopes of achieving the Great Work, both in my creative practice and my spirit, has a dual aspect of fear. This is mirrored in the symbol of the New Moon. New beginnings, new projects, new sparks, entice me and motivate me to continue, but they also terrify me, for within them is the assumption that these sparks will die, this energy will fade and inevitable change will come. But thanks to connection, to soulmates, to love and to the wealth that has been afforded to me through love itself, I do not need to fear cleansing, or having a cleansed space, or being cleansed of what no longer serves me, or changing, or transitioning, or becoming who I am, or starting something new, or failing, or being embarrassed, or being vulnerable. Being human. That’s the greatest fear that can be transmuted into hope. No longer secluded. No longer romanticising seclusion. No longer secluding myself from true romance. Getting out there. Getting my name out there. And all the while, turning the light inward. No longer at war. Holding space for all of it.