---
permalink: The racetrack.
---
I first realised something was up in year 7 (the first year of secondary school), when I began self-harming. Back then, I didn’t really understand the weight of what was going on; I just knew that it made me feel better, even if it was just for a moment. 
Ever since then, I’ve been writing. Be it scribbling on the inside of cereal boxes or on the walls of the lonely toilet cubicle in school, I’ve been writing. I remember writing an essay on how I felt, how I really felt, on 12 sides of A4, and my teacher taking me to one side and threatening to tell my parents about the cuts on my arms. About the dirty looks from the other kids. 
 
                  When I got to year 9, the only treatment options I’d explored were a sharpener blade, the broken casing of a biro, a pair of compasses and a whittled down set-square. It was a pretty dangerous pencil case. It was around this time that I decided to focus on something other than my own flesh, and it turned out the thing I chose was science. 
 
                  Eventually, when I got to sixth form, everything seemed all right. I mean, I had a small circle of friends, only *occasionally* would someone shout a hurtful remark at me, and I was doing what I loved. My A levels, at the start of the two years, seemed like they were going to be the best time of my life. 
                  
                  But if I’d learned anything by then, it was that nothing is ever really how it seems. 
                  To start off this messed-up two-year race around the track, right out of the gates, my parents divorced due to infidelity on one party’s behalf.  Now, I’d taken pride in my family life. It’d been a source of solace for me to know that although my mind was broken, my arms were scarred and a ton of people hated me, at least I had my family.  But, I should have seen what the daily arguments were pointing towards. It was inevitable, really. 
 
This meant most days at school were spent on about 3 hours sleep, because luckily for me my parents were still living under the same roof while one of them tried to find a house to live somewhere else. This of course meant endless screaming from one side of the house, to the other, and sometimes, physical violence. I would find myself in my sister’s room, holding her and making sure she was okay. I’m the youngest by four years. 
                  
                  This continued. For 6 months. Right up to my January exams. 
                  By now, I was pretty set (and by pretty set I mean hell bent) on a career in medicine. I’d become a machine, sleeping in 20-minute increments all night then waking up to revise, so I had some silence to study. So I could escape the screams for just a little while and shove my head in some books. As anyone will tell you, when you don’t sleep, you feel like crap. Add this to the pile, and you’re about 200 yards further round the racetrack. When all the other applicants in the country were halfway round, laughing and singing as they all competed against one another.
 
                  One night, when the fighting got particularly awful, and the house was suddenly empty except for me, I sat at my desk drinking nothing but whiskey. It had been a while since I’d cut myself. I needed some anaesthetic. When I was suitably wankered, I took my trusty blade, sunken into the cover of my teenage diary, and ran it across my wrist. When this wasn’t enough, I took the thirty codeine pills from my medicine cabinet that I had leftover from when I had food poisoning, and lined them all up on my windowsill. I wrote something that I thought was romantic on my whiteboard in handwriting that was heavily influenced by the whiskey, and sat down to take the pills. 
                  But I couldn’t do it. 
                  One of my parents came home, drunker than I was. I could hear tears and screams of agony as they writhed in the pain of loss. Then I thought what would happen if my parents lost me. I brushed the pills on the floor and went to sleep. 
                  That was my first hurdle. 
                  In school, my hypomania was serving me well. I had been voted head boy by my teachers, and now sported a suit, which unfortunately, had sleeves that were just-too-short to cover the ugly gash on my wrist. 
                  With the added stress of running the school’s student council along with taking all three science A-levels, I became one of those balls of leftover soap that’s been pushed together. But instead of soap, I had anxieties. Crippling anxieties that were consuming me. 
                  Everything was resting on results day. That was my finish line. I could see it; I was on the final straight, running towards it at a speed faster than my legs would carry me. 
                  So when I didn’t get the grades I needed, I fell down. And it really. Really. Hurt. 
                  Luckily, though at the time I didn’t see it as lucky, I got into my insurance choice, to study biomedical science. 
                  For the first few weeks, I tried to get up on the racetrack. I escaped into binge drinking, one-night stands and recreational drug abuse. All these things I thought were boosting me further ahead towards my goal, when really they were just pulling me into the now sodden muddy ground. 
                  Six weeks into the first term, I thought I’d reached my finish line. And it was painted an ominous black. It was that night that I tried to kill myself, and ended up in hospital, all stitched up like something out of a Tim Burton movie, looking up to see the pseudo-worried face of my flatmate. 
                  I thought it was the finish line, but really it was just one hell of a hurdle. I went on medication, SSRIs that made everything seem fuzzy, but made it possible to actually live.
                  After that came a few more weeks of not being able to get out of bed, my limbs paralysed by my depression. There were a couple of more scares where I ended up in hospital again, but it all was just making me want to run. Run faster towards the finish line. I deserved it. I was doing weekly counselling, and meeting regularly with my university’s mental health co-ordinator. 
                  One night I remember thinking “I don’t want this to be for nothing”. 
                  I frantically searched my drawers for the scraps of paper on which I’d scribbled poetry. Tons of poems that depicted my mindset during my depressive episode. Raw, filled with pain and emotion, I felt like a different person wrote them. From a few hundred yards further down the track, I could look back and appreciate the art in these poems. I compiled them into a collection, called ‘Doors.’, and self-published it as an eBook. When I saw my book on amazon, I was filled with this inspiration, this sudden light – “maybe I’m meant to be a writer”, I told myself. Soon, I realised my book could be used as an awareness piece, if I added a section to describe my mood during the time that I wrote each piece. I contacted chipmunka publishing, the Mental Health Publisher, and they very quickly accepted my manuscript. This was it. My race, the hurdles, the falls, had all been worth it. I had something to show for my existence and my condition. 
                  I can safely say that writing has helped me. With Borderline Personality Disorder, it can be difficult to process one’s emotions in a rational manner. It’s exhausting, seeing everything in black and white. But to me, writing helps the grey area appear. 
                  I haven’t self-harmed in almost a year. 
                  My parents are both happy with their respective partners. 
                  I managed to pass my first year of university. 
                  I have two, wonderful best friends, who I love immensely. They saved my life. 
                  I’m almost halfway through my novel. I have high hopes for it.
                  I’m getting better, every day. And who knows if I’m still on track for the finish line I set myself? All I know, and all that matters, is that I’m happy not jumping hurdles anymore.