---
permalink: THE OVUM RITUALS (OR, THE SEEDS OF BECOMING)
---
1. hard boil three eggs, from the egg box of Ten which you acquired earlier in the week, now halfway to its end, by whatever means necessary or available to you. In the midst of your writing, frivolous of body but focused of Spirit, allow them to cool to room temperature, and, depending on personal opinion, overcook - within the crucible of their shells within the crucible of the pot. 
2. place whatever seasoning or sauce you enjoy most in a small glass; ensuring it is shallow enough in dimension to allow you to retrieve the egg once dipped, and wide enough to permit the egg's ingress into the ocean of flavouring.
3. Now, using your hands like a curious and hungry child, attempt to submerge the first little package of protein into the sauce. 
4. Lose your grip on this first egg due to the inherently slippy texture of the {entity|infinite symbol} that is The Egg. 
5. Laughing at what this means (that a certain amount of {distance__|\_\_separation} from the divine is necessary for its {consumption|{(\[containment])}|amalgamation} with your Body), take out a silver fork from the cutlery drawer and use it to subsume the sliver, bringing out too much s{alt|ugar}y coating with it, resulting in a sub-par subjective experience of taste. 
6. With the {passing of} second{s}, resolved to get it {the Rite} Right, you {now|slowly|with purpose} impale the Egg, ready to consume your seconds. 
7. This Egg {disintegrates int(w)o|the mess|merges as one} outside of your body {with the (season)ing}. Laughing again, while simultaneously (against your newfound resolve and faith) tutting by sucking a small amount of air into your buccal cavity between the tongue tucked between your teeth, contrasting in directionality with the outward, but equally involuntary, motion of the laughter (which comes from both a physically lower, but spiritually higher, origin), emptying the resultant chaos onto the place which you used to release the Eggs from their respective shells, {in|ac}cidentally (or, perhaps not) rolling the constituent part of your meal in calcium, and consuming {part of} this with it.
8. In the third case, you will think you have refined the process, being sure to be as gentle but as certain in your ceremony as possible, but the haphazard cooking process, the causal chain of events leading to this point, and the low light in your apartment from the ritual candle now extinguished, you will not have seen that this, final sacrament, is already freed of its inmost layer, the yolk spilling out onto the plate with the slightest touch of tentative fork: a child's football into a dangerous road, presenting a choice between the threat of {the destruction of a beloved object|warned by your mother} which hasn't yet come to fruition, so you find yourself unsure of its accuracy (perhaps, her(for you)love,[^L] she has imparted restrictions which, her(she feels are protective)compassion,[^C] but are fa(impeding your own sense of discovery)ct.[^S]
9. No longer smiling, nor laughing, nor with any particular semblance or suggestion of emotion clouding your face, you throw down the fork, use your right hand to wipe the proteinaceous homogeneity, charioteering Straight, Caesarian Roads scattered with the exoskeleton of the constituents of (im)perfect consumption, and, messily, needing to manoeuvre your head to ensure nothing spills onto your chin (you {may|may not} be successful in this endeavour), y(you take The Egg)ou.[^E]
10. Still hungry, you take the final two eggs and repeat from step 1, this time, you have no script. The {Pr|D{emise}|{<i{S|n}>ciples}} of(This feels complete[^3])its uncertainty.[^U]


# ᶠᵒᵒᵗNoet(s)

[^3]: *On The Problem with Threes*, Prof. Ed. O., Creator of Edo||odE and The One Thing Missing - a scrabble variant. ERA_U.
[^S]: lexTrans {SIPHO{N|r}} "fa(impeding your own sense of discovery)ct" << "In fact, impeding your own sense of discovery"
[^L]: lexTrans {SIPHO{N|r}} "her(for you)love" << "in her love for you"
[^C]: lexTrans {SIPHO{N|r}} "her(she feels are protective)compassion" << "in her compassion, she feels are protective"
[^E]: lexTrans {SIPHO{N|r}} "y(you take The Egg)ou" << "you take The Egg inside you"
[^U]: lexTrans {SIPHO{N|r}} "The {Pr|D{emise}|{i{s|n}ciples}} of(This feels complete)its uncertainty." << "This feels complete in The {Premise|Demise|Sin|Principles|Disciples} of its uncertainty"