---
permalink: i am so hungry with no money to eat and my father doesn't care.
---


The dream began at a diner. at a dining table with Barnie and my father. I can’t recall what I was either handing back to Barnie or what they were handing back to me but I was introducing them to my father or vice versa and it was definitely supposed to break up What was so fucked up about it was that there wasn’t as off the case in dreams and underlying accepted undertone of the truth that was very much so real and assumed in the dream which was that {REDACTED} I feel sick thinking about it now But obviously there was got insurance symbolic significant star anyway eventually party left joined what looks like two people in a relationship and again they assumed undertone of truth crept in like a noxious gas that told me that was the new partner with any partners then I turned around to distraught And he said so this is bombing his life and he said wait you’re from Coventry and we’ve been to Birmingham together I know I know I know that you’ve been to Birmingham and then he said no I didn’t say Birmingham. I said Brighton and then I said no you said Bristol and then he said it could be Bristol maybe is Bristol and then he tried to find Google Maps on his phone and I pointed out into Google Maps we opened it and we were in the north of Glasgow. We barely moved. I said how long was the journey here? He said six minutes and I said so why did you think that we were all the way down the other side of the country. And then we followed was one of the most harrowing dreams of my life. It was a series of events inside of a movie theatre gigantic movie theatre or mall. This has been a recurring space. I’m realising now this shopping mall cinema labyrinth of a place of a church to capitalism And I kept hinting to him that I was so hungry asking what we woul


d eat. I remember at some point well he never once acknowledged except now he did once he did acknowledge those and he said okay let’s get back as we’ll get some burgers then Isla was there and we were running. We’re running a race Joking about being footballers with my dad laughing and I ran past my dad then Isla said well you’re not gonna get past me because of my long legs and I tried really hard and I did I went past her at the moment that I did I just gave up And then she was goading me and saying see I passed you and I stopped caring. I had simply stopped caring. then she was gone. and I continued to try and look for some food. My dad was still by my side at this point but he had bought an £80 jumpsuit that looked ridiculous but I thought in the dream it looked really cool. I told him ‘everyone should own at least one jumpsuit or boiler suit’ he was on the phone to a friend barely listening to me. I kept motioning at him to listen to me just so I could compliment him, when he hung up I asked who it was, and he dismissively told me it was his friend. An old friend from school, the conversation was about somewhere about becoming an estranged from his own brother from my uncle who I have become estranged from since coming out as trans here he then disappeared more of his friends arrived and  hedisappeared. I am so hungry even in dreams. I need to eat something to keep down these antibiotics but I have no money and 

One of his friends was a trans woman. in fact all of his friends were trans and he had gone had gone to where I thought was the bathroom so I went to the bathroom and it was this horrendous system of doors; I ended up needing I am so hungry with no money to love and my Father who art not here doesn’t Care to go to the disabled one which had these two late trickles of showers above the cubicle toilet; the only one at the back of this fast wide room so I thought I don’t want to be trickled with shower water while I’m peeing, so I pissed in the sink. then this woman broke in, as I realised she wasn’t breaking in, it was her bathroom, and I was apologising, but there were women’s clothes everywhere- I was trying to find my clothes, and she kept saying no, that’s mine, it’s mine; oh wait that’s not mine. It wasn’t mine either. I realised this room was just full of clothes of people no longer close to people that that women had left behind and I still couldn’t find my father. I walked out. I walked all the way to the other side of the mall to find another side of bathrooms God; I was so hungry, I was still so hungry, I nearly got into the men’s bathroom before I realised a security guard there, and another girl, much younger than me, waiting for her own father. much younger than me. Maybe she was me. Maybe she was the me that I grew out of. I was so hungry. I was so hungry with no money to eat and my father didn’t care. I am so hungry with no money to eat and my father doesn’t care. Maybe if I was fatter I would more resemble your daughter and maybe that’s why my father doesn’t care 

Somewhere in the mess, was a traumatic sequence with a dentist; who said that he was so sorry but he would have to use an electrical pulse to stimulate the exposed nerves in my fractured tooth, and my face, in order to test that they were still working and to save the nerves, or stop my face from becoming paralysed. I was screaming. I was screaming and crying so loud that the scream, the pain, the agony of so many memories like this, with so-called caregivers, so-called clinicians or health workers or literally anybody in a caretaking position all of them, all of them either apologising for an inevitable instance of harm or terror or not apologising at all, or just leaving, just leaving me hungry, even though I kept asking, kept looking for them, kept pleading them to just stop drilling into my bone, please stop drilling into my jaw, please just let me sleep just let me sleep through this, and I was thinking in that dentist chair in that mall int hat dream about the memory of my surgeries, and they were so vivid. They were much more vivid than in the waking world, and I wonder if, though now they have been closed off to me again, I wonder if I have just experienced, consciously, in a dream at least, which is to say unconsciously, the experience of my face being operated on. all the experiences of my face and teeth being operated on.  I am so hungry with no money to eat and my father doesn’t care. The scream must have stretched out into this world just as the agony, because — 

Last time I saw you, a father, but not mine, we realised that we have the same glasses prescription and that I share a birthday with your mother who is not my grandmother. 

Awake I am trying to find my glasses and thinking about how I could borrow yours if you were here and not with your own children. 

Then I think about my father, again, or for the first time:

One day he will die and I will care.

Back to the little girl waiting at the entrance to the men’s bathroom;

 I said I’m waiting for mine too. I’m waiting for mine too and then I woke up tooth still and I can hear my own baby, 

he is hungry again, wanting to get out of his cage, and eat, 

my pillow drenched in saliva.

 I am so hungry with no money to eat and my father doesn’t care.